DOCS-1853: View captured data (#2841)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/projects/pet-treat-dispenser.md

Now it’s time to start collecting images of your beloved pet.
Set your feeder up near an area your pet likes to hang out like your couch or their bed or mount it temporarily over their food bowl, or even just hold it in front of them for a couple of minutes.

> You can check that data is being captured by, click on the menu on the camera on the configuration page and select **View captured data**.

Author: ```suggestion
You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu on the camera on the configuration page and selecting **View captured data**.
```

> You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu on the camera on the configuration page and selecting **View captured data**.

Reviewer: same opt nit here, with on the ... on the ... on the :

```suggestion
You can check that data is being captured by clicking on the menu icon on the camera configuration pane under the **CONFIGURE** tab and selecting **View captured data**.
```
